{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","value":"# Holiday destinations\n\n## Project goals\nThe goal of this project is to help users find the ideal snowboarding destination based on their needs. \nThis project was aimed towards snowboarders who wished to find the best places to board all around the world.\n\n## User goals\nTo use a website that helps them find out information about the best snow holiday for them.\nHave an interactive map top allow users to pick a holiday destination.\nContact details provided to allow the user to ask any questions based on their holiday.\nInteractive on both desktop and mobile devices\n\n## Site owner goals\n* Gather information on where people tend to go when snowboarding.\n* Receive contact details through the use of contact form. \n* ** The contact form does not send to a local email account. However this if a future feature which will be added.\n\n## User requirements\n* Have an interactive Google maps available to see certain holiday destinations.\n* Navigate through the website by using an popout nav bar to save from clutter on the desktop and mobile site.\nContact form needs to have a validation system in place to prevent spam and unwanted emails.\n* create a visually easy and appealing site.\n\n## User Expectaions\n* Pop out navigation bar on desktop and mobile devices to save on clutter.\n* The navigation bar should direct you to specific places on the website whem clicked.\n* Have a fully functional map available with added points to mark the locations being described.\n\n## Design choices \nThe main theme of this webiste was to create a simple yet modern design to a holiday destination website. \n\n## Font\nI chose to use the font Merriweather as it applies a very simple yet seay to read style to the final website. The writing isnt too close together and allows for easy reading even on a small device.\n\n## Icons\nThe only icon I thought was neccessary for the webiste to contain was a 'scroll to top' arrow, located int he bottom right hand corner of the screen.\nThis is presented to allow for the user to easily scroll to the top of the webiste, allowing for fast and easier access to the navigation bar. \nHowever, i have removed this from mobile viewing as it is easy to miss click that section of the screen, which could be frustrating for the user when \n\n## Colours\nBy choosing white text on a dark grey background allows the website to have a sleak design. \nThis decreases eye strain and strengthens reading stamana in comparison to white text on a solid black background.\n* The primary colour used for the backgrouns is #0c0c0c. A dark grey which allows for a good comparison and easy read against it.\n* All text used #c5c5c5. This is a similar colour to the pop out nav bar allowing for constistancy to be continued throughout the website.\n\n## Background and images\nThe background image I chose to use was a free image sourced from a royalty free website called unsplash.com. \nWith the image being relatively large at the start of the website it invites people in. Making them question where the image was taken and to make them say 'I'd love to go to somewhere like that!'.\n\n## Wireframes\nIn a seperate folder within my code are my wireframes. This shows how I intended the website to look on desktop. On mobile the only edit that needed to be made was the destinations information all being \nbelow one another. This would allow for a cleaner and less crowded appearance. \n\n## Features\n* Interactive Google Maps with location markers.\n* Form validation at the end of the contact form to decrease spam.\n* A pop out navigation bar.\n\n## Technologies Used\n* HTML\n* CSS\n* JavaScript\n* Tools and libraries\n* Bootstrap\n* Googlemaps\n* Font awesome\n* Github\n* JQuery\n\n## Testing\n* Throughout the whole project there was rigorous testing down to make sure that the Google Maps section worked efficiently and didn’t have any glitches or faults when loading. This allowed me run the website \nwith a max load time of 10-20 seconds load time depending on internet accessibility.\n* Multiple testing was done on various internet browsers such as Firefox, Safari, Internet Explorer and Chrome. There were no issues that I could find personally but it was noted that when testing on the Iphone SE, \nbut found that the site requires horizontal scroll on screens as large as the Iphone X. \n* The only item that is off screen on a mobile device is the 'scroll to top' button. This was done on purpose. When holding a mobile phone in one hand (usually the right hand), it is very easy to accidently mis-touch \nthe screen and tap on the bottom right corner with your palm. This doesn't affect the user experience as all the content is visible even without horizontal scroll and keeps a vertical screen clean.  \n\n## Overall design\nPersonally I like the overall design of the site as it is minimalistic and clean to the eye of the user. However many websites use lighter colours to draw in their clients but with a more sleek design it appeals to \nthose who want a relaxing/sleek holiday.\n\n## Bugs\nOriginally there was an issue with the google maps where it wouldn’t load on the screen but this issue was resolved and fixed thanks to some editing in the stylesheet.css.\nAnother issue that was found was the ‘scroll to top’ button had a boarder/background around it. however when I tried to impliment this the background wansnt centered with the icon. \nTo resolve this I decided to remove this feature completely in order to keep to a clean and minimal look to the overall website. \nOther than the two problems above, there doesn’t seem to be anything which is causing a glitch to the website itself. \n\n## Deployment\nWhen deploying on github please follow these steps.\n1. Open the github browser.\n2. Sign in.\n3. Create a new repository. This will get you started!\n4. Create a name for your site.\n5. Within the setting tab, scroll down to a section called 'Github Pages'.\n6. Under the 'source' tab, click the dropdown and select 'master branch'. This will create a live site link for your website.\n\nWhen commiting to Github, follow theres steps...\n1. Ensure you are on the /environment/ in your ternimal.\n2. If not, use `cd ..` to got back one file at a time till you reach 'environment'.\n3. Enter `git add .` to add all content to github.\n4. `git commit -m \"Initial commit` This code will commit your code and add a a small description.\n5. `git push` will upload this file to a remote repository.\n\n## Deployment locally\ncloning the repository\n1. Navigate to SnowHoliday\n2. At the top og the page click 'clone or download'\n3. Copy the URL in the drop box when clicked\n4. Using a IDE open up a terminal\n5. Navigate to the file location\n6. Copy the following code and input it into your terminal to clone snow holiday!\n\ngit clone https://github.com/Wini996/SnowHoliday.git \n\n## Credits\nThroughout this project I need to thank the Code Institute tutorials for guiding me through the use of Google Maps and API's.\nThanks to Eric Terwan, for his tutorial on Navigation bar which pops out on desktop and mobile devices.\nThanks to Brian Macharia, for the help and support with this project. All suggestions to this site we revised and edit had been made to make the website more responsive and user friendly. \n","undoManager":{"mark":-2,"position":100,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":51,"column":66},"end":{"row":51,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1908},{"start":{"row":51,"column":67},"end":{"row":51,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":68},"end":{"row":51,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":69},"end":{"row":51,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":70},"end":{"row":51,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":71},"end":{"row":51,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":72},"end":{"row":51,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":73},"end":{"row":51,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":73},"end":{"row":51,"column":74},"action":"remove","lines":["s"],"id":1909}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":73},"end":{"row":51,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["c"],"id":1910},{"start":{"row":51,"column":74},"end":{"row":51,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":75},"end":{"row":51,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":75},"end":{"row":51,"column":76},"action":"remove","lines":["n"],"id":1911},{"start":{"row":51,"column":74},"end":{"row":51,"column":75},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":73},"end":{"row":51,"column":74},"action":"remove","lines":["c"]}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":73},"end":{"row":51,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":1912},{"start":{"row":51,"column":74},"end":{"row":51,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":75},"end":{"row":51,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":76},"end":{"row":51,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":77},"end":{"row":51,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1913},{"start":{"row":51,"column":78},"end":{"row":51,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":79},"end":{"row":51,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":80},"end":{"row":51,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1914}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":80},"end":{"row":51,"column":81},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1915},{"start":{"row":51,"column":79},"end":{"row":51,"column":80},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":78},"end":{"row":51,"column":79},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":77},"end":{"row":51,"column":78},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":76},"end":{"row":51,"column":77},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":75},"end":{"row":51,"column":76},"action":"remove","lines":["n"],"id":1916},{"start":{"row":51,"column":74},"end":{"row":51,"column":75},"action":"remove","lines":["c"]}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":74},"end":{"row":51,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":1917},{"start":{"row":51,"column":75},"end":{"row":51,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":76},"end":{"row":51,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":51,"column":77},"end":{"row":51,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":78},"end":{"row":51,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1918}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":73},"end":{"row":83,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["/"],"id":1919},{"start":{"row":83,"column":74},"end":{"row":83,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":75},"end":{"row":83,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":76},"end":{"row":83,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":77},"end":{"row":83,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":78},"end":{"row":83,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":78},"end":{"row":83,"column":79},"action":"remove","lines":["f"],"id":1920}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":78},"end":{"row":83,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["g"],"id":1921},{"start":{"row":83,"column":79},"end":{"row":83,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":80},"end":{"row":83,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":81},"end":{"row":83,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":82},"end":{"row":83,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":83},"end":{"row":83,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":83},"end":{"row":83,"column":84},"action":"remove","lines":["f"],"id":1922}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":83},"end":{"row":83,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["d"],"id":1923}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":94},"end":{"row":83,"column":115},"action":"remove","lines":[" but was outta place."],"id":1924},{"start":{"row":83,"column":94},"end":{"row":83,"column":95},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":95},"end":{"row":83,"column":96},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1925},{"start":{"row":83,"column":96},"end":{"row":83,"column":97},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":97},"end":{"row":83,"column":98},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":98},"end":{"row":83,"column":99},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":99},"end":{"row":83,"column":100},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":100},"end":{"row":83,"column":101},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":101},"end":{"row":83,"column":102},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":102},"end":{"row":83,"column":103},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":103},"end":{"row":83,"column":104},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1926},{"start":{"row":83,"column":104},"end":{"row":83,"column":105},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":104},"end":{"row":83,"column":105},"action":"remove","lines":["h"],"id":1927}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":104},"end":{"row":83,"column":105},"action":"insert","lines":["w"],"id":1928},{"start":{"row":83,"column":105},"end":{"row":83,"column":106},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":106},"end":{"row":83,"column":107},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":107},"end":{"row":83,"column":108},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":108},"end":{"row":83,"column":109},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1929},{"start":{"row":83,"column":109},"end":{"row":83,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":110},"end":{"row":83,"column":111},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1930},{"start":{"row":83,"column":111},"end":{"row":83,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":112},"end":{"row":83,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":113},"end":{"row":83,"column":114},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":114},"end":{"row":83,"column":115},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":114},"end":{"row":83,"column":115},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":1931},{"start":{"row":83,"column":113},"end":{"row":83,"column":114},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":112},"end":{"row":83,"column":113},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":111},"end":{"row":83,"column":112},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":110},"end":{"row":83,"column":111},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":109},"end":{"row":83,"column":110},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":109},"end":{"row":83,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":["I"],"id":1932}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":110},"end":{"row":83,"column":111},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1933},{"start":{"row":83,"column":111},"end":{"row":83,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":112},"end":{"row":83,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":113},"end":{"row":83,"column":114},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":114},"end":{"row":83,"column":115},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":115},"end":{"row":83,"column":116},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":116},"end":{"row":83,"column":117},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1934},{"start":{"row":83,"column":117},"end":{"row":83,"column":118},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":118},"end":{"row":83,"column":119},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":119},"end":{"row":83,"column":120},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1935},{"start":{"row":83,"column":120},"end":{"row":83,"column":121},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":121},"end":{"row":83,"column":122},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":122},"end":{"row":83,"column":123},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":123},"end":{"row":83,"column":124},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":124},"end":{"row":83,"column":125},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":125},"end":{"row":83,"column":126},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":126},"end":{"row":83,"column":127},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":127},"end":{"row":83,"column":128},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":128},"end":{"row":83,"column":129},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":129},"end":{"row":83,"column":130},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1936},{"start":{"row":83,"column":130},"end":{"row":83,"column":131},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":131},"end":{"row":83,"column":132},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":132},"end":{"row":83,"column":133},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":133},"end":{"row":83,"column":134},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":134},"end":{"row":83,"column":135},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1937},{"start":{"row":83,"column":135},"end":{"row":83,"column":136},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":136},"end":{"row":83,"column":137},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":137},"end":{"row":83,"column":138},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":138},"end":{"row":83,"column":139},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1938},{"start":{"row":83,"column":139},"end":{"row":83,"column":140},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":140},"end":{"row":83,"column":141},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":141},"end":{"row":83,"column":142},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":142},"end":{"row":83,"column":143},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":143},"end":{"row":83,"column":144},"action":"insert","lines":["d"],"id":1939}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":143},"end":{"row":83,"column":144},"action":"remove","lines":["d"],"id":1940}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":143},"end":{"row":83,"column":144},"action":"insert","lines":["g"],"id":1941},{"start":{"row":83,"column":144},"end":{"row":83,"column":145},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":145},"end":{"row":83,"column":146},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":146},"end":{"row":83,"column":147},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":147},"end":{"row":83,"column":148},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":148},"end":{"row":83,"column":149},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":149},"end":{"row":83,"column":150},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1942},{"start":{"row":83,"column":150},"end":{"row":83,"column":151},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":151},"end":{"row":83,"column":152},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":152},"end":{"row":83,"column":153},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":153},"end":{"row":83,"column":154},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1943}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":153},"end":{"row":83,"column":154},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1944},{"start":{"row":83,"column":152},"end":{"row":83,"column":153},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":152},"end":{"row":83,"column":153},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":1945},{"start":{"row":83,"column":153},"end":{"row":83,"column":154},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":153},"end":{"row":83,"column":154},"action":"remove","lines":["t"],"id":1946}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":153},"end":{"row":83,"column":154},"action":"insert","lines":["'"],"id":1947},{"start":{"row":83,"column":154},"end":{"row":83,"column":155},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":155},"end":{"row":83,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1948},{"start":{"row":83,"column":156},"end":{"row":83,"column":157},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":157},"end":{"row":83,"column":158},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":158},"end":{"row":83,"column":159},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":159},"end":{"row":83,"column":160},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":160},"end":{"row":83,"column":161},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":161},"end":{"row":83,"column":162},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":161},"end":{"row":83,"column":162},"action":"remove","lines":["r"],"id":1949},{"start":{"row":83,"column":160},"end":{"row":83,"column":161},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":159},"end":{"row":83,"column":160},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":158},"end":{"row":83,"column":159},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":157},"end":{"row":83,"column":158},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":156},"end":{"row":83,"column":157},"action":"remove","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":155},"end":{"row":83,"column":156},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":154},"end":{"row":83,"column":155},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":153},"end":{"row":83,"column":154},"action":"remove","lines":["'"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":153},"end":{"row":83,"column":154},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":1950},{"start":{"row":83,"column":154},"end":{"row":83,"column":155},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":155},"end":{"row":83,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":155},"end":{"row":83,"column":156},"action":"remove","lines":["t"],"id":1951}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":155},"end":{"row":83,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":["'"],"id":1952},{"start":{"row":83,"column":156},"end":{"row":83,"column":157},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":157},"end":{"row":83,"column":158},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1953}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":157},"end":{"row":83,"column":158},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1954},{"start":{"row":83,"column":156},"end":{"row":83,"column":157},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":155},"end":{"row":83,"column":156},"action":"remove","lines":["'"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":155},"end":{"row":83,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":1955}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":156},"end":{"row":83,"column":157},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1956},{"start":{"row":83,"column":157},"end":{"row":83,"column":158},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":158},"end":{"row":83,"column":159},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":159},"end":{"row":83,"column":160},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":160},"end":{"row":83,"column":161},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":161},"end":{"row":83,"column":162},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":162},"end":{"row":83,"column":163},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":163},"end":{"row":83,"column":164},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":1957},{"start":{"row":83,"column":164},"end":{"row":83,"column":165},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":165},"end":{"row":83,"column":166},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1958},{"start":{"row":83,"column":166},"end":{"row":83,"column":167},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":167},"end":{"row":83,"column":168},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":168},"end":{"row":83,"column":169},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":169},"end":{"row":83,"column":170},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":170},"end":{"row":83,"column":171},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1959},{"start":{"row":83,"column":171},"end":{"row":83,"column":172},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":172},"end":{"row":83,"column":173},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":173},"end":{"row":83,"column":174},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":174},"end":{"row":83,"column":175},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1960},{"start":{"row":83,"column":175},"end":{"row":83,"column":176},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":176},"end":{"row":83,"column":177},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":83,"column":177},"end":{"row":83,"column":178},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":178},"end":{"row":83,"column":179},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":1961},{"start":{"row":83,"column":179},"end":{"row":83,"column":180},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":181},"end":{"row":84,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1962}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":0},"end":{"row":84,"column":81},"action":"remove","lines":["I resolved this by taking out the boarder to give the website a more cleaner look"],"id":1963}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":0},"end":{"row":84,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["T"],"id":1964},{"start":{"row":84,"column":1},"end":{"row":84,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":2},"end":{"row":84,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1965},{"start":{"row":84,"column":3},"end":{"row":84,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":4},"end":{"row":84,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":5},"end":{"row":84,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":6},"end":{"row":84,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":7},"end":{"row":84,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":8},"end":{"row":84,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":8},"end":{"row":84,"column":9},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":1966}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":8},"end":{"row":84,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["v"],"id":1967},{"start":{"row":84,"column":9},"end":{"row":84,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":10},"end":{"row":84,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1968},{"start":{"row":84,"column":11},"end":{"row":84,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":12},"end":{"row":84,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":13},"end":{"row":84,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":14},"end":{"row":84,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":15},"end":{"row":84,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1969},{"start":{"row":84,"column":16},"end":{"row":84,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":17},"end":{"row":84,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1970}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":17},"end":{"row":84,"column":18},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1971},{"start":{"row":84,"column":16},"end":{"row":84,"column":17},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":16},"end":{"row":84,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["I"],"id":1972}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":17},"end":{"row":84,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1973},{"start":{"row":84,"column":18},"end":{"row":84,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":19},"end":{"row":84,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":20},"end":{"row":84,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":21},"end":{"row":84,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":22},"end":{"row":84,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":22},"end":{"row":84,"column":23},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":1974}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":22},"end":{"row":84,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["d"],"id":1975},{"start":{"row":84,"column":23},"end":{"row":84,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":24},"end":{"row":84,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":25},"end":{"row":84,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1976},{"start":{"row":84,"column":26},"end":{"row":84,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":27},"end":{"row":84,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":28},"end":{"row":84,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1977},{"start":{"row":84,"column":29},"end":{"row":84,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":30},"end":{"row":84,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":31},"end":{"row":84,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":32},"end":{"row":84,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":33},"end":{"row":84,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1978},{"start":{"row":84,"column":34},"end":{"row":84,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":35},"end":{"row":84,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":36},"end":{"row":84,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":36},"end":{"row":84,"column":37},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":1979},{"start":{"row":84,"column":35},"end":{"row":84,"column":36},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":34},"end":{"row":84,"column":35},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":33},"end":{"row":84,"column":34},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":32},"end":{"row":84,"column":33},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":31},"end":{"row":84,"column":32},"action":"remove","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":30},"end":{"row":84,"column":31},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":29},"end":{"row":84,"column":30},"action":"remove","lines":["m"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":29},"end":{"row":84,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["r"],"id":1980},{"start":{"row":84,"column":30},"end":{"row":84,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":31},"end":{"row":84,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":32},"end":{"row":84,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":33},"end":{"row":84,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":34},"end":{"row":84,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":35},"end":{"row":84,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1981},{"start":{"row":84,"column":36},"end":{"row":84,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":37},"end":{"row":84,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":38},"end":{"row":84,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":39},"end":{"row":84,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":40},"end":{"row":84,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1982},{"start":{"row":84,"column":41},"end":{"row":84,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":42},"end":{"row":84,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":43},"end":{"row":84,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":44},"end":{"row":84,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":45},"end":{"row":84,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":46},"end":{"row":84,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":47},"end":{"row":84,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":48},"end":{"row":84,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1983},{"start":{"row":84,"column":49},"end":{"row":84,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":50},"end":{"row":84,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":51},"end":{"row":84,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":52},"end":{"row":84,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":53},"end":{"row":84,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":54},"end":{"row":84,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":55},"end":{"row":84,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":56},"end":{"row":84,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":57},"end":{"row":84,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":58},"end":{"row":84,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":59},"end":{"row":84,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1984},{"start":{"row":84,"column":60},"end":{"row":84,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":61},"end":{"row":84,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":62},"end":{"row":84,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1985}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":62},"end":{"row":84,"column":63},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1986},{"start":{"row":84,"column":61},"end":{"row":84,"column":62},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":60},"end":{"row":84,"column":61},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":60},"end":{"row":84,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":1987},{"start":{"row":84,"column":61},"end":{"row":84,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":62},"end":{"row":84,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1988},{"start":{"row":84,"column":63},"end":{"row":84,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":64},"end":{"row":84,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":65},"end":{"row":84,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":66},"end":{"row":84,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":67},"end":{"row":84,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":68},"end":{"row":84,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1989},{"start":{"row":84,"column":69},"end":{"row":84,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":70},"end":{"row":84,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":71},"end":{"row":84,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1990},{"start":{"row":84,"column":72},"end":{"row":84,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":73},"end":{"row":84,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":74},"end":{"row":84,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":75},"end":{"row":84,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":76},"end":{"row":84,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1991},{"start":{"row":84,"column":77},"end":{"row":84,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":78},"end":{"row":84,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":79},"end":{"row":84,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1992},{"start":{"row":84,"column":80},"end":{"row":84,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":81},"end":{"row":84,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1993},{"start":{"row":84,"column":82},"end":{"row":84,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":83},"end":{"row":84,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":84},"end":{"row":84,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":85},"end":{"row":84,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":86},"end":{"row":84,"column":87},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":87},"end":{"row":84,"column":88},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1994},{"start":{"row":84,"column":88},"end":{"row":84,"column":89},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":89},"end":{"row":84,"column":90},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":90},"end":{"row":84,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":91},"end":{"row":84,"column":92},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1995},{"start":{"row":84,"column":92},"end":{"row":84,"column":93},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":93},"end":{"row":84,"column":94},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":94},"end":{"row":84,"column":95},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":95},"end":{"row":84,"column":96},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":96},"end":{"row":84,"column":97},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":97},"end":{"row":84,"column":98},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":98},"end":{"row":84,"column":99},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":99},"end":{"row":84,"column":100},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1996},{"start":{"row":84,"column":100},"end":{"row":84,"column":101},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":101},"end":{"row":84,"column":102},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":102},"end":{"row":84,"column":103},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":103},"end":{"row":84,"column":104},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":104},"end":{"row":84,"column":105},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1997},{"start":{"row":84,"column":105},"end":{"row":84,"column":106},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":106},"end":{"row":84,"column":107},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":107},"end":{"row":84,"column":108},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1998},{"start":{"row":84,"column":108},"end":{"row":84,"column":109},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":109},"end":{"row":84,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":110},"end":{"row":84,"column":111},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":111},"end":{"row":84,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1999},{"start":{"row":84,"column":112},"end":{"row":84,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":113},"end":{"row":84,"column":114},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":113},"end":{"row":84,"column":114},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":2000}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":113},"end":{"row":84,"column":114},"action":"insert","lines":["v"],"id":2001},{"start":{"row":84,"column":114},"end":{"row":84,"column":115},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":115},"end":{"row":84,"column":116},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":116},"end":{"row":84,"column":117},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2002}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":116},"end":{"row":84,"column":117},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":2003}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":116},"end":{"row":85,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":2004}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":116},"end":{"row":85,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":2005},{"start":{"row":84,"column":115},"end":{"row":84,"column":116},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":115},"end":{"row":84,"column":116},"action":"insert","lines":["r"],"id":2006}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":112},"end":{"row":84,"column":116},"action":"remove","lines":["over"],"id":2007},{"start":{"row":84,"column":112},"end":{"row":84,"column":119},"action":"insert","lines":["overall"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":119},"end":{"row":84,"column":120},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2008},{"start":{"row":84,"column":120},"end":{"row":84,"column":121},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":121},"end":{"row":84,"column":122},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":122},"end":{"row":84,"column":123},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":123},"end":{"row":84,"column":124},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":124},"end":{"row":84,"column":125},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":125},"end":{"row":84,"column":126},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":126},"end":{"row":84,"column":127},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":1320,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":83,"column":21},"end":{"row":83,"column":21},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":87,"state":"start","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1576940534782}